About cloning a repository
You can clone a repository from GitHub.com to your local computer, or to a codespace, to make it easier to fix merge conflicts, add or remove files, and push larger commits. When you clone a repository, you copy the repository from GitHub.com to your local machine, or to a remote virtual machine when you create a codespace. For more information about cloning to a codespace, see Creating a codespace for a repository.

Cloning a repository pulls down a full copy of all the repository data that GitHub.com has at that point in time, including all versions of every file and folder for the project. You can push your changes to the remote repository on GitHub.com, or pull other people's changes from GitHub.com. For more information, see Using Git.

You can clone your existing repository or clone another person's existing repository to contribute to a project.

Cloning a repository
On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.

Above the list of files, click  Code.

Screenshot of the list of files on the landing page of a repository. The "Code" button is highlighted with a dark orange outline.
Copy the URL for the repository.

To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "HTTPS", click .

To clone the repository using an SSH key, including a certificate issued by your organization's SSH certificate authority, click SSH, then click .

To clone a repository using GitHub CLI, click GitHub CLI, then click .

Screenshot of the "Code" dropdown menu. To the right of the HTTPS URL for the repository, a copy icon is outlined in dark orange.
Open Git Bash.

Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory.

Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.

git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
Press Enter to create your local clone.

$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `Spoon-Knife`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.